RELEASE NOTES:

WARNING: THIS IS PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE. IT WILL NOT WORK WITHOUT SIGNIFICANT EFFORT
ON YOUR PART. NOT ALL FEATURES HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED.

Currently the master branch is being used for day to day development. Everything
in this repository is a work in progress. Not everything has been thoroughly 
tested and if you try and use this in production, you will have problems.

This software does not yet have a release number. That should tell you something.

FUTURE PLANS:

The author is serious about getting this project into a working state, and ObviFoum
is on the way to release 0.0.1. Plans are as follows:


Release 0.0.1 - Q1 2014

The goal of this release is to have a demo-able, minimal viable product. This 
release should be secure enough to use in a light production environment, but it
will lack many of the features on might like to have in a Web forum. Deployment
of this version in a production environment will be actively discouraged and 
users should be warned that v0.0.1 will absolutely not be forward compatible with
any future release and there will be no upgrade path. No security releases patches
will be provided, so if you use this version, be prepared to fork it. No support
will be given, but individuals interested in contributing code to the project 
may be given the opportunity to do so.


Release 0.0.2 - Q2 2014

This release will not be backward compatible with the database from v0.0.1, and 
no upgrade path will be available. However, future it is anticipated that upgrade
paths from this version to future versions will be available. The most noteworthy
new feature of this release will be the creation of topic specific boards, which 
will replace threads on the home page. The new hierarchy will be boards->threads->
posts.

ObviForum support should become self-hosting with this release.


Release 0.0.3, Release 0.0.4, and Release 0.0.5

These releases will include smaller product enhancements, leading up to a truly
feature-rich, production worthy open-source Web Forum.


Release 0.1.0

ObviForums will be production worthy at this point and will be actively promoted
as a Web-forum solution. User feedback will be gathered and intermediate releases
will be planned to fix bugs and add critical feature enhancements from the community.


Release 1.0.0

After implementing community feedback, ObviForum will be promoted as a hardened,
mainstream community Web forum platform. Broader community participation will
be solicited and commercial support may become available.
